# Report processing and policy generation
In generation collected reports are processed and an minimal, according policy is created.

Unluckily violation reports generated by different browsers differ substancially, so having one processor for all types of clients would be difficult. It could be achieved by analysis of the reports or by storing the UAS of the reporter.

We instead choose to focus on violation reports generated by Google Chrome, as it is one of the most used desktop browsers and features plugins like postman useful in web application testing.

## Dependencies
The generator is written in Haskell, so you need `ghc` or another Haskellcompiler of your choice. Non-standard packets used are
1. Data.JSON
2. Text.URI

These can be installed via `cabal`.

## Input
Input should be a file of CSP-Reports in normal JSON format, separated by a newline, so exactly one report per line. We chose this format over a proper JSON list as it makes continous collection easier.

`sampleReports.txt` is such a file, generated by `../collector/read.php` with reports sent by Google Chrome Version 51.0.2704.106 from a site containing
1. a local video
2. an image from twimg.com
3. google maps with a local script and inline style

`sampleReports.csp` is the policy generated from these reports.

## Configuration
A `gen.conf` file is used for configuration. It should contain a JSON-Object with all necessary fields. When reading the configuration ONLY the first line of the document is acutally read, the rest of the file can be used for comments.

This is a terrible solution, we will change this in the future, I promise ;) .

Fields:
1. `path` is the path to the input file
2. `self` is the address under which the client originally reached the server and it will be translated to `'self'` in the actual policy.
3. `inline` is an array of sources that should allow `unsafe-inline`

Theoretically `self` should be deducable from the reports, though we are not certain about the stability of this. If an illegal inline occurs, the generation will fail.
